com/netflix/usuario/configurations/ResourceServerConfiguration.java
 com.netflix.usuario.configurations.ResourceServerConfiguration
com/netflix/usuario/configurations/WebSecurityConfiguration.java
 com.netflix.usuario.configurations.WebSecurityConfiguration
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/entities/UsuarioEntity.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.entities.UsuarioEntity
com/netflix/usuario/interfaces/controllers/UsuarioDTO.java
 com.netflix.usuario.interfaces.controllers.UsuarioDTO
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/UsuarioRepository.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.UsuarioRepository
com/netflix/usuario/application/services/domains/MinhaLista.java
 com.netflix.usuario.application.services.domains.MinhaLista
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/CatalogoSumarizadoRepository.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.CatalogoSumarizadoRepository
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/MinhaListaRepository.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.MinhaListaRepository
com/netflix/usuario/application/services/domains/Historico.java
 com.netflix.usuario.application.services.domains.Historico
com/netflix/usuario/application/services/domains/Usuario.java
 com.netflix.usuario.application.services.domains.Usuario
 com.netflix.usuario.application.services.domains.Usuario$Builder
com/netflix/usuario/configurations/SecurityProperties.java
 com.netflix.usuario.configurations.SecurityProperties
 com.netflix.usuario.configurations.SecurityProperties$JwtProperties
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/entities/HistoricoEntity.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.entities.HistoricoEntity
com/netflix/usuario/UsuarioApplication.java
 com.netflix.usuario.UsuarioApplication
com/netflix/usuario/application/usecase/GetUsuarioUseCase.java
 com.netflix.usuario.application.usecase.GetUsuarioUseCase
com/netflix/usuario/application/services/domains/CatalogoSumarizado.java
 com.netflix.usuario.application.services.domains.CatalogoSumarizado
com/netflix/usuario/interfaces/controllers/CatalogoSumarizadoDTO.java
 com.netflix.usuario.interfaces.controllers.CatalogoSumarizadoDTO
com/netflix/usuario/interfaces/controllers/HistoricoDTO.java
 com.netflix.usuario.interfaces.controllers.HistoricoDTO
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/entities/CatalogoSumarizadoEntity.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.entities.CatalogoSumarizadoEntity
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/entities/MinhaListaEntity.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.entities.MinhaListaEntity
com/netflix/usuario/interfaces/controllers/UsuarioController.java
 com.netflix.usuario.interfaces.controllers.UsuarioController
com/netflix/usuario/repositories/HistoricoRepository.java
 com.netflix.usuario.repositories.HistoricoRepository
com/netflix/usuario/application/services/UsuarioService.java
 com.netflix.usuario.application.services.UsuarioService
